everyone doing a review on the anchor
extended battery pack you can cover for
the Galaxy Note 4 this is from acre I've
used their batteries for many many years
especially their extended batteries this
is a 6464 4 0 64 40 which is actually
twice as much as the built in battery
which is 32 20 so we're gonna take off
now understand this battery is huge and
I've used anchor2 effect you'll see
inside I have an anchor replacement
battery inside my phone now and I've
been using it for months
generally speaking my battery life on my
phone has not been a huge issue at all
but there are times you know I use a lot
of external batteries but there's a
there are times where you just select
them one of them along and you know
you're gonna be out and about you're
gonna want to have the extended battery
in your phone and it's you know doubles
the life your battery if you get day's
worth you'll get two days out of this
guy it does you'll come here in just a
moment and this is the thirty thirty two
twenty and this is the 64 40 milliamp
hour batteries and you can see where you
can kind of get a better idea of the
difference you can see that literally
Vice this is twice the size twice the
battery twice the size thickness so put
this in the phone
so this is what it looks like did in the
phone and never battery too serious
doubles it and when you put this in the
phone you have to use their extended
case it comes with it and it has that
faux leather feel it is a little
slippery if it's not it's not smooth but
a little texture to it but it doesn't
it's not flat but that's it with the in
the phone oh let's see
everything's fits fine give access to
your stylus speaker it's going to power
it up
and that is it so I'm going to power it
up we'll take a look at it but I'm going
to use this in the phone for a couple
days see what my life is like you know
what the battery how how good it works
does snip fit the phone really nicely
once it's all snapped into place that's
it these are great batteries to have
when you go through them quickly time to
charger
anyway thanks for watching any comments
questions leave them below and they'll
be a link to the product thank you